Interactive Tutorial: Trade in the Decentralized Exchange (#1396)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/_code-samples/trade-in-the-decentralized-exchange/js/README.md

# Trade in the Decentralized Exchange

> This code demonstrates how to buy a (fungible) token on the XRP Ledger's decentralized exchange (DEX). For a detailed explanation, see <https://xrpl.org/trade-in-the-decentralized-exchange.html>.

Reviewer: I think a bit more context on what the detailed explanation is pointing to could be helpful.

```suggestion
This code demonstrates how to buy a (fungible) token on the XRP Ledger's decentralized exchange (DEX). For a detailed explanation of how to trade using the DEX, see <https://xrpl.org/trade-in-the-decentralized-exchange.html>.
```

> This code demonstrates how to buy a (fungible) token on the XRP Ledger's decentralized exchange (DEX). For a detailed explanation of how to trade using the DEX, see <https://xrpl.org/trade-in-the-decentralized-exchange.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code demonstrates how to buy a fungible token on the XRP Ledger's decentralized exchange (DEX). For a detailed explanation of how to trade using the DEX, see <https://xrpl.org/trade-in-the-decentralized-exchange.html>.
```

> The code is designed to run in-browser by loading `demo.html` and watching the console output, or in Node.js. For Node.js, you must first install the dependencies using your preferred package manager (such as `yarn` or `npm`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code is designed to run in-browser by loading `demo.html` and watching the console output, or in Node.js. For Node.js, you must first install the dependencies using your preferred package manager (e.g. calling `yarn install` or `npm install`).
```
